# Weekly report, week 27 of 2014

## (1) What did you PLAN TO accomplish this week [in research]?

Working on dissertation chapters 2 and 3.

## (2) What DID you accomplish this week?

I'm still behind schedule, but this draft has a mostly-complete
chapters 1 and 2, and a sketchy chapter 3:
https://github.iu.edu/lkuper/dissertation/blob/master/diss/draft-07-04-2014.pdf?raw=true

## (3) What problems or issues arose, and how did you attempt to resolve them?

- The determinism proof in Chapter 2 is still unfinished (since I
updated the formalism in that chapter to be more like the one from the
POPL paper, so that there would be a smoother relationship between
Chapter 2 and Chapter 3).  I emailed Neel K. on Thursday to try to get
unstuck with it.

- There's also a missing section that I still plan to add to Chapter 2
where I want to talk about generalizations we can make to the `put`
and `get` operations.  This missing section will cover the
"generalizing `put` to an arbitrary family of inflationary+commutative
operations" thing that we've talked about from time to time, as well
as the "generalizing threshold sets to threshold functions" thing.
Ideally I would then do a second determinism proof for a language that
swaps out `put` and `get` for more general counterparts.

- Another thing I'm having trouble with is how to organize chapters 3
and 4.  My plan had been to split the material from the POPL paper
over those two chapters: theory in chapter 3, implementation in
chapter 4.  But, that leaves open the question of where I should talk
about the LVish library API.  I figured I would lump it in with
"implementation", but if we want to explain the concepts in terms of
running code examples, then really it should go in chapter 3, and then
chapter 4 should just be about implementation internals...suggestions
welcome.

## (4) What is your plan for next week?

Try to move forward and work mostly on dissertation chapters 3 and 4,
but I might also go back to the unfinished bits in chapters 1 and 2.

## (5) How does that fit into your long-term plan [often a paper target]?

My goal is to have a dissertation draft by mid-to-late July, then work
on the LVars JFP submission in August.

Also, we find out about our DISC submission on July 12, and if that
gets in we'll need to get a camera-ready together by August 5.
