# Weekly report, week 35 of 2014

## (1) What did you PLAN TO accomplish this week [in research]?

Keep working on the Independence and Quasi-Confluence proofs.  It
would be great to have the whole quasi-determinism proof done by the
end of the week.  My defense is in two weeks, so I should also start
putting a talk together at some point (although it will borrow a lot
from existing talks).  And *then* I can look at LVish again...

## (2) What DID you accomplish this week?

I overcame the problem I had last week and got the Independence proof
done!  It's now called "Generalized Independence" and to go with it, I
did a lot of updating of other material in the dissertation, including
adding a large section about frame properties to chapter 6.  I also
wrote a blog post:
http://composition.al/blog/2014/08/31/frame-problems-and-frame-properties/

I got a lot of work done on the Quasi-Confluence proof, and it's
ALMOST done, with a couple cases to go, but I just found out I'm
probably going to have to prove a version of the Clash lemma for
lambdaLVish (like I did for lambdaLVar), so that will take a little
more time.

Also, I just found out (from talking with Neel) that the "internal
determinism of the reduction semantics" property (that I proved awhile
ago for lambdaLVar, but never actually used) actually IS necessary,
and furthermore, we need one of those for lambdaLVish too.  So I'm
going to need to prove another version of that.

## (3) What problems or issues arose, and how did you attempt to resolve them?

No real problems, no longer stuck anywhere, just plugging away trying
to get all the remaining pieces done.

## (4) What is your plan for next week?

My defense is in a week!  So I should probably stop working on my
dissertation at some point soon and actually get a talk ready. :)
Maybe I can get some more done on the proofs in between working on
that, though.

## (5) How does that fit into your long-term plan [often a paper target]?

I pretty much need to have a defense talk.  :) The proofs are also on
the critical path for my dissertation and the JFP paper.
